Hi Raman I am your Shraddha didi and
welcome to your college for today's tutorial
Inside, we are going to do the song in detail
And in the big part of GitHub we will go into details
Created the song and getup from scratch
if we have no idea what to read
what is a gate what is a get up
How do we do this, what are the commands
If we do that then there is absolutely nothing to worry about
There is no need to do all the things from the very basics
We are doing it till a good level
Along with this there will be saree which is the command of the song
We have also made a cheat seat for those who are
I have given it to you, you can go and download it
Now when we talk about the song
So songs are a very important tool which
Every developer should know how to run it because
If we do any kind of development
So when we are doing big projects then
will we reduce it up or in fact if we go small
If you work on projects then songs will be like this
It is necessary to have basic knowledge of along with
How do we approach our projects
can you upload it on the getup
You should know the basic commands of Gate
In the big we should know the song half of
What is the difference between Geetham and Geeta
How can we run branches like
different concepts like [ __ ]
what do all these things mean
A good developer should know what and how to do it
We have explained things in detail here
I have done it inside the tutorial so now
Let's start with our song and getup
Now whenever we read get and get up
Well there are many things that can be done
but in this tutorial we will discuss the best
Doing important things in detail
yes that is something that we give you
You will be doing it practically on the basis of
First let's talk about Get Actually
What happens is our one-way version of gate
The control system is version control
Systems are our tools that help us
If you help then tract change these code
We can think of it like this, we have
If there is a bank account, then the bank account
Inside there is a complete statement that
When was any amount credited into the account
When was it debited and how much was paid over the amount
If tax is imposed then there will be many such sarees
Information is such information when we
For any of your code or any of your projects
If we get it done then we get it done in these
d form of version control system i.e.
version control system project completion
tracks the entire history of
When was a new file added inside the code? When was any
The file got deleted when did we kiss something inside the code
what did you do inside the line, who did what
If you delete the C line then do it like this
Saree History Version Control of Saree
I start the system and the song is like this
It is a very popular version control system now
There are many reasons to do this at Gate, the most
Pehle gift is one of the most popular
version control system in d world ie
It's not just that we date today
basis for your projects
We will also reduce our time inside the company
We have gates and gates inside quite a few companies
You are doing it infact
If I take my own example, Microsoft
I had an internship in
To manage we also did a giant get up
to which he was assigned the second region's gate
Ours is free and open source, that is
anyone can do this frilly
we don't have to pay anything and
Thirdly it's fast and it's only that
No matter how small or large the scale
Be it a project of scale, our gate is always less
A could now sing the song in the prime of our hearts
Two of these do to her for cammon
First of all you lose track D
Whose history is our code's history
History on which we can take the example of any big person
We are working on a project from
Trying to make a website
On the website, we have many things one by one
We are adding you first in the features
Maybe we have a page for sign up
added him after that it is possible that our
There are some buttons on the top of the website, we have named them
After that maybe we can do something else
Bring a new feature like for help
We have added a separate form on our website
I have added it now it is possible that this will help
is the form of this feature to build or
So this feature is taking a lot of time
We had a lot of problems building it
If you are doing this then we would like you to have this feature
We will build it in a later phase
want our code to go back to normal
Let's go as we have completed the Buntus feature
I had done this to my court so for that one
The way is that we bet manually
Delete each file that we have separately
Every line of code is written for help
should be deleted every change should be deleted
It should be reverted but if we do it on a larger scale
More Important Questions on Projects
If you work on projects then manually
Doing all these things is risky that is why we
I need some automatic software which
Please tell us how long it takes to complete the project
the code was written i.e. our old one
It would be history that till here we have this line of
The code was written and we can change this face anytime if we want
You can go to me with your project
So that's why our project history track
It is important to give a gift that is important for us
The second major task is to get us to
I help you, that's you collaborate
Collaborate means that a team
Working together is like late supposing it can happen right now
that if we are inside the college then we
Cutting down on your solar projects
But when we go inside the company, each project
But a lot of developers are doing less
So in such a situation it becomes very important
Tracking which projects are being processed
Which developer made what changes in the feature
and all the people are watching each other's changes
don't do it overnight just by over writing
If a person is making changes inside the file
and the other person is changing
which person's which developer's which
There are changes that should be accepted and that file
There are many problems of this type inside
has come to resolve such problems
what do we do using songs so get us
Gate helps us in collaboration
Tracking the history of our code
If it helps then the gate is just a tool for us
no this is not a means actually this
It is a skill by learning which we can not only improve our
Actually your developer on projects
Implement it within the journey through out
You must have been there now it has happened that in the big
Next we talk about what the saga is all about
Our song is a tool, a software
We can understand that which our computer
The gate hub is one of our systems that runs on it
There is a website that helps the developer
How to store and manage your device using code?
Our githab.com is a proper website
On which the developer writes his entire code
you can upload it then paste it inside the code
You can change something there or
If we made a change inside our system
if yes then reflect those changes there
Now generally we can use GitHub today
Developers upload their entire code and
Whenever we make our resume i.e.
Whenever we go to Intensive Care Unit for placement
if you apply for it then we will
Link to your get up in front of projects
where there is anybody who is there or
One can go and verify the interview
that we actually asked him to work on the project
I have done it and need its full code
So you can go and check the book just like this
This is a website on which we post our projects
upload the full code of and
These are our projects, they
Generally we upload in the form of folder
means we can think of it like this
We have an Instagram profile
We want to add the top of our Instagram profile
Upload all your photos
can now there is someone who can do modeling
does it or if there is a person who is an actor then
what can they do with their whole
Add your Instagram account inside your portfolio
You can also put the link of your profile here
But also my photos or my work here
It is available in this way by this developer we can
On your resume or with your portfolio
Can you post a link to your song to tell me this
for here my head is at ease
is available and these are the forms of projects
We upload these folders as gifts
In the language we call it repository
Repository means our folder inside which
If we had a proper code then there were many
There are repositories which we can access on top of Gateway
Now we can upload them in short
The reports might also be saying this because
Repository is a very heavy word but
The basic sense is that Kit Hub is our
This is a website on which we post our projects
or you are uploading another code and
In fact get half of us above other people
Key codes are not allowed to be used as representations of other people
You can also see these facts in them
We can make copies of repositories and
You can also add your own changes to it.
Before reading the gate we go up to the gate
If you want to create your profile then get up
To create a profile on this we need to
Go to the link and create your profile
We need to have an email address
Now your email address is any normal email address
It can be an address as well, or if he wants to
Your college may also have an email ID
is gate if we sign up with college email id
If you do this then we get some additional features
but generally she gives us her personal email
Create your saga id with address too
because college email id can be
after some time they will do their own thing when we
Jain is a college graduate so that is why
Personal email ID which is always with us
We will have our ID on it properly
If you want to setup it then we went to this link
is where we keep our Github account
Now if we get up for the first time
Sign up then sign us up
you will have to click on it otherwise you will have
If you already have a Get Up account, then you
You can go directly and login.
You will have to skip this part, now sign
Talk about you which is absolutely the first time
We are users, click on sign up
will do it and here it can be done in this way
We received the message, first of all we
You will have to enter your email ID, we have already done that
I have created an email ID for myself.
student@yourcollege.in you can do this
We continue to keep any password for ourselves
which can be set
let's do this continue
By the way, it is a very weak password but
let make it a beat stronger to user
For the name we can enter student
our college do this continue and
I receive product related emails here
I don't want to have to verify that we are a
are actual persons
Click here and now we will create an account
But as soon as we create an account, our email
We will have a code above the ID now
This is our email ID, this code is 8211
It came to us, let's copy and paste it
If you do it and do intermediate then here
We are being asked for some basic details
Let's minimize normality a little bit
Our page will look like this now ask from here
It is being said how many team members will there be
If yes, then we will say only we will reduce
yes I am a student see this
continue now something can happen here
Options you can do things if you want but
it won't make much difference
Let's continue and give us two options
Your getup student will be visible on apply
benefits but we are student benefits
You do not want to apply for it right now
If you want you can apply also but we
Free on continue
n This is how we have our dashboard
Now many conjurings will open here
We might have been able to see the thing, but we didnt know that much
Don't get confused, this is the whole dashboard
Ignoring this, we will go to the top right and then the top
On the right we have our simple options
We will see the most simple options
First, we can go to your profile
So this is our github profile
It will open for us, here we have to enter our username
Is it visible to us or our activity
It was seen that for how many days we spent together
I have reduced the number of days we keep getting up
If the above is active then green means we have a
I have made a contribution today i.e. my account
This is our overview of the overview
Apart from this we have the option of repositories here
repositories means our projects
We have no public representatives right now
There are no such projects right now
if there is no one who can show us then the most
First, we will upload some things to our github account
the first thing we're gonna do is
They will create a new repository in their college
What does it mean to open a new repository called Demo?
we will make a new project for that
I will create a new folder for it but it will
We can start the project on our computer or
I will not start it from my laptop
If you are going to do this then create new repositories
for that we will go inside repos and
We will click on this new button, on the new button
As soon as we clicked, some options appeared for us.
Here we go, we are going to be the owners of repo
what are we going to name it we are not going to do anything
You can also keep any name which is available but we
we will name it our college demo and we can
So you can give it a brief description as well
let's suppose let's give it a description
This is me first gift repository and we
You can make it private if you want.
You can make it public if you want
A private repos is one that is kept by other people
It will not be visible to anyone, it will only be visible to us
Just like on our Instagram
It is a private story that is different from ours
Friends see something similar
There is a system and the public is opposed to it
It is visible to everyone like if our account
It's public on Instagram so everyone knows us
If photos and videos are visible then this will make you feel good
Let's do it with the public
An option will come initialise this
Repositories with Add Me we do it
Click now what is this Redmi Read me
We have a special type of file
In which there are big details of the project
it happens i.e. generally whenever we
Let's make a project on top of her get up
Also read us if we initialize it
if they are then that is a good thing because Reed
Inside m, we write that
what is the project what is it called
How to do it we did this project
Why is this project made?
What are the features and other related
Information, let's click on it and here
Let's create our own representation from
Now the reporter has been created by us and
This type of page will be opened for us and
From this page we can see that
Students can create their own account inside their college account.
There is a repo called college demo and it is called repo
we can see the code of ka sir here
What are the issues for now?
What is the Request for Actions Project
Every thing has to be ignored and
We just need to focus on the things that we
If you are going to do it then if ever your
When we go to Gatha Accounts then
Don't do anything at the cost of your life, go back to your
If you go to profile then we can show your profile
We will pay after coming to the profile
You can now go to Rippers
We have our own college demo named as your college demo
Repositories have started to be viewed on this
As soon as we click we will be back to our
We will go inside the repo and see it here
it has been that within our project a
single file is read me dot hd dot m di
It means that this redmi dot md5
There is related information stored in it
and now i am installing my college demo in redmi
Its title is written by name along with
The description we added was this
me first gitpository that thing here
But there is and here are some initial comments like
That initial will be visible in one minute
Eating a comment means that we have
For the first time I have reduced something, comment means
I have made some changes, like we have used empty
Created a project and added the read me inside it
If we added this then this is our first change
Inside the project, we can see it from here
Github is tracking our changes
this is our change earlier now there is a change in it
And let's try to change it to see what happens
This is what we call change inside GitHub
If we have to finalize the comment or change
if it is then it is called comment now like comment
The meaning of the comment is in real life
Basically commitment happens now like this
There are commitments in a relationship, that is
First comes our engagement phase
And then comes our wedding phase.
That means when the wedding phase comes then these two steps
Our comment process has been done inside these
Relationship is like some song and guitar
happens together i.e. first in the song
If we have changed anything, change it
We have to add it and then change it.
Finally we reduce the meaning of comments
Change happens, now it is confirmed that it will be added
That means we have added that change
that yes now this change is for commenting
If ready, finalize any changes
Two step process over the gate and get up
Now it happens on the gift so we add the change
Both will comment and we will cover them in detail
You will read what ad comments actually are
and how to do them and for get up
This is the ad step directly above
This happens and we comment directly
You can comment your change
This means take a screenshot of it
and store it inside the memory yes
This change had taken place at this time, so when we said
is that gate or gate is now from our history
What does history mean by that
When we took a screenshot from the comment
So till then that saree is from the screenshot
That is our history, i.e. that comment
from which it is written in the form of history now
If we add something else inside the project
I have to change it, I'm late, suppose I want to change something
For this edit inside readmi.md
there is a symbol, we will click on it and our
pass to edit our readmi.md
Now this file will open, this is our read me dot md5
It has been opened and we can change anything inside it
can you let me say one more line
Let's add extras and here I am the author
I am going to add Shraddha Khapra in this video
You can add your name if you want
Today author means who is in this project
If it is changing then from here we have done this one
I changed it but it hasn't happened yet
To make this change it means
I had to change the comment to take a screenshot
as soon as we go to the comment change
If you click, inside the comment change our
A comment message is a comment message means this
I had to tell it inside the message
that this change that we are making should be changed
What is the reason for doing this or what is changing
so that we can do it from inside the memory
I mean this is kind of like our screenshot.
we can understand that if we are writing the name then
We are writing some names of our comments in this
We are naming the update Me.HD and
For now, leave this as the default option.
Let's take this, let's change the comment like
Now go back to your code and comment out the changes
If we click inside, we will be here
what is the bar showing this time read me
Showing inside this is me first gate
Showing inside repositories and authors
My name is updated here as well
readmi.met means there is no initial comment here
Showing here what was new for us, always
We also have our code, whatever is in our files
In front of every file there is its latest
A comment comes asking what was the last change here
If it happened then the last change was to update
So he has come to us in writing here
Along with this, there is one thing you must be thinking about
inside readmi.md so we pressed it next
I had added the author inside the file so this
why did it not come inside the next file
Read me our normal text files
There is no way to change inside Read Me
For this we have some different syntax
which needs to be learned otherwise if we
HTML comes from basic HTML so from that
We can also change our read me
For example, if we write our B attack here
The basic meaning of B attack is next
inside the line html we have it for redmi
You can do it inside as well as soon as we comment
We will change it, we can write the update here
Read me with next line or
You can write this as add next line
We changed the comments and as we changed them
This time we gave you our line now
Jump to the next line again inside the code
Let's go and this time we do it in a buttery way
If you are seeing your tax then buy Redmi
To change the inside we will do a little basic
There is HTML which can be taught
Related already one shot is made this much
it is not difficult one of the digs think that
You can learn coding inside that
Let us study a little bit of the basics of HTML
If you take it then everything will become clear, rest it will be
we're not going to do it much either
This is our first project we have made
Above you whose name we have our own
college demo and inside this we have our first
I have commented also, so with github
We have started now let's talk about the song
In the big song of we are like a website
It is above but our gate is part of our system
Inside that means we need our laptop and our
Now the song has to be played in the computer
We need a few things to setup the gate
I will download it first which is
visual studio code visual studio code
Our free and open source code editor is One
Ofd is the most popular code editor whose
Above we can code in any language
You can code within Python
inside much do c plus plus c
Or HTML in any language
Inside support general language or
We are using this technology on top of VS Code
This may not have been made by Microsoft
First of all we have to go and download it
Whether we use Windows or Max system
or is it on linux system
The download process is complete
Showing you Defending Your Machine
Along with this, if we are a Windows user then we
I want to download a song Das
Complete process of downloading and setup
given to you ahead and if we look at Mac's
above then we need to download terminal
Generally, Mac machines already have a terminal
It gets downloaded, what you have to do is simply
If it's on a Mac machine, it's on Finder
You have to go and search on finder
for the terminal like we are for the terminal
If we search then we will get Terminal A
Visual for all Windows users
Studio Code and Windows Get Bats
They have to download and verify
Once everything is downloaded and setup
goes to verify that the thing is working
have you been once on your terminal
we have to see by writing get mines mines
version it means gate mines
By writing the mines version we have that definition of the song
Version A is available which we have downloaded.
If it is setup then if it is working properly then we will see that
If it is giving then it means it is already setup
and if it's not giving us the right thing
So this means setting up the gift for us.
if needed then before downloading also
If you have done less with the first gift then you
You can check if you already have a gate
Whether it is installed or not, all the students
If you are doing it on the Mac machine then it is on top of the Mac
You can go and search for us in the terminal and
We will do it as it comes to us
We can clear and open the terminal in this way
already on top of the first
you don't know how to download
once you do that the market will be set
will start reducing later
So first of all, to download it, we
If you search on internet to download ps4 then this
The first link that comes, I will tell you here
video.com slash download
can you when here for the window
If we download then what should we do in between
Is
It will be installed and now we will install it first
we can open the time now
Now after installing and setting up the gate
First we need to configure the song
will have to configure the song means
that we are telling the song who we are
You are going to make a change inside the account i.e.
If we change something above the gate to gate hub
If we do it then from which email id do we want
What are those changes, what are they called?
If we want to associate the song with
To configure it, basically we can do the following:
Set up username and other details
so in configuring we write
have got conflict mines global
user.nem and then your name is getconfig
We configure our song and
We can do configuration at global level in it
There are two types of configurations
One at our global level, that is, for the whole
Now whenever the gift changes within the entire system
If he does then he will change it from this email id
And one happens at the local level, that is,
We can do this by adding any file inside a specific repo.
Separated within a specific project
If you are changing from the account then if we
Not maintaining many song accounts
So simply we can do global setup
If we can do global configuration then we
will write -- global then we have to setup
First of all, enter your name i.e. user.ni.
So to set this up we'll use our
You can open up the terminal and if you're on Windows
on the machine then we need to open git and
Where are we right now? This tilde, this tilted one.
which is a symbol, that is, the symbol which is like this
We see that we are the root of our system
The root directory is inside the directory
That is, the meaning of directly directly in ie
it is a folder i.e. we create folders in our system
The most primary is inside the folder
it is inside the folder and sitting inside it
So first of all we will configure the gate
We are going to write Get Conflict Mines
mine global user dot name and then we
Now we will write our name here in the name
We can write the name by which we have written our Gita
I created an account so I was a student
I created my getup account in the name of my college
If it was there then let's set it as our username
And after this we will set it for ourselves
email so to set up email we will write
getconflict - - globaluser dot email
and then inside the double quotes we will put our
If you write down the email address, it was a student
come d rate your college.in send us the same email
We have to address the one from whom we have got the getup
We had set up the account above, so we did this
diya now we want to see that the gate
Conflix What we have set up
So for that we can use this command
there are get conflict mines mines list then
Let's write this down: Get Conflict Mine
If I enter the list then we have this Retail A
We have set this name in the username of the game
and in user email we have setup this thing
so basically we have inside the song
There is a credentials helper which is our
Credentials stores the credentials
That means our username became our name
It is done, our email will be like this
Well, the information is about the song which is given below:
we are going to read those commands
We can also write the commands on this terminal
But there will be another way to get the butter
I have code to do it inside the system
editor because generally whenever we
we are doing little to no coding
we will reduce the cost of the project and we would like to
along with opening the gate to our
If changes are made within the project then generally
We start our project i.e. coding process
want to keep up with the gate process
so what shall we do for that
Open your Visual Studio Code
So now we can open Visual Studio Code.
and Visual Studio Code
If we open it then we will have a window like this
Now inside this window this welcome will be visible
let's cross it out and here we already have
Install a gate named demo on your system
A folder has been created and we are going to open it
let's open it we will search for demo
We can open our folder inside Gift Demo.
will take
And within this we are going to lower our heads
Now we are going to open the song demo
Along with this code, click on this option.
We can open our terminal by doing this
From here you have to tighten the terminal option
And basically the head terminal of all is ours
That Sir VS Court was running from outside
If we get Axis inside also then where are we now
Now we are in this folder called Get Demo
It's inside, we can open the gate from here if we want
If you can check the version then please check the version of the song
we have got print it means gate
It is accessible from here as well, let's do it
Clearly now first we will learn some basics of GATE
The first ones to start with are the commands
First we will talk about the basic commands
This is clone and status, let's talk about it first
clone command in the larger of clone command
If the cost is less then clone and apository on R
We have local machines at two places, one
We have one remote and we have one
Local Whenever we use the word local it means
means our laptop or our
We use either a laptop or our personal computer
Talking about the computer, the file that is inside it
We're talking about them whenever we turn the remote
let's talk about remote means the files or the
If the folder is on github then type clone command
Clone means making a duplicate
We use the clone command to
If we need to import a github repo into our
If you want to copy over the system then copy
for that we can use our clone command
to write this down we do that
JTL clone and then reinstall your project
Link What we can do now on GitHub
We will go and this college called Demo
You created a project with this code name
Click on the green button above to select HTTPS
If we copy its link inside then
Its HTTPS link has been copied now
HTTPS is one of the easiest ways to clone
Go to repository in your local machine and get half
even nowadays it prescribes that when we
Today we are learning a beginner getup so we
Do clone only through HTTPS, we
You can do it from also but we will not go into that much detail
we will not go because mostly we
HTTPS will do that for your project
So let's do this by copying it
Here it is, inside this code, now we
inside the gate demo and what we want
We have our own college inside gate demo
If you want to bring a folder named demo then
Here we will write the command get clone answer
Press Control and R to pace
enter your link and it will be like
I just entered some cloning in here
Everything has been done and now we can see that
Inside get demo we have a folder A
our college is named demo and our
This is our file inside college demo
Redmi so this file has been sent to us by G file
which we created on top of the get up and
In fact, if it had 1000 files in it
So all the sarees are inside our system
If there is caste then this is how our project is
what happened our project this is our
The report will be cloned inside our system
If we want, we can now go inside this folder
You can now go inside this folder to know
We have to type a command in our terminal
CD CD means change
Directory means we call it directory
It is six o'clock to go inside, I will write it down too
The cd command is our basic terminal command
which will also run on our Mac
on Linux and also on Windows
It will work and that means change
directory we talked about earlier we are talking about folder
is called directly so whenever we
Let's say you want to go inside the folder
This is our song demo folder and
Inside this there is another small folder
When the external folder named College Demo
If you want to go to the inside folder then
for we are writing the CD and then our
The name of the folder is the name of the folder inside it
we have our college slave demo now
There is also auto completion inside the terminal
That is, if we want to auto complete then we
then you can press it then it will auto
After completing it, he will give us the name.
If we give the intermediate then where have we gone now?
Check back whenever you are inside the college demo
yes where are we now in which folder
Check the percentage above the terminal
Which of our folder's name is written before ?
has happened and clearing the terminal at any time
If you need to vacate then we are clear for that
We can write the command so here we go
your college demo folder inside which now
That means right now we are inside this folder,
If we find all the files inside the folder
If you want to see then we can call you to see the files.
S can be written LS means
List files so these are all the files
will list the available files and give you
If we enter the folder then we will have only one
The file is now inside our quality demo
this is read me dot hd now whenever our
Folders are created inside the system
There are two types of files, one is
Our normal files that we saw
like our read is also dot hd and one
Our hidden files that will never show us
which were given through the concept terminal
If you can process your hidden files
To see this we can type
Command L S Mines
what will happen to A our hidden file which is
The files will be sent to us which will look normal
If they are there then hidden files will also come
It will go and if I enter it, it will now appear here
I am hoping that we have this thing printed out and ready to sell
Read me dot hd is one of the best things to watch
We were already told that this folder is ours
have a plus a dot song name one
If the folder has been sent to us then whatever
Gift tracks files means g also
the song inside the folder is reducing its
Tracking the history of files
All of those sarees are inside the folder
Inside the saree reports dot song name
How to check if a folder is always there
You can see that there is a dot kit inside this folder
That means we can simply write L S minus A
So through that we will see dot gate, dot means
This is Geeta's file so let's do it now
So it's clear again, this is ours
clone command through which we can clone any project
If it is above the getup then he should take it to his local
in addition to what you can bring inside the system
We have a status command
The status command gives us the status of our code
and for the status command we
You can simply write git status then your
If we go inside the project and type
gift status then our status gets enhanced through that
what is it showing right now show it in status
it is on branch means now what is this branch
what happens in its bigger size
We will talk about it later but note here
the thing to do is to show us you
You are date and nothing, you are it, that is everything
I am up to date, that is the code which is available on GitHub
The same code as above is now here but if we
If you make any change in your local system then
Meaning here author Shraddha half rakhi place in
Do it here with devotion and write in brackets
I did my college so what did I do?
I changed it, you could have made this change
now what happened now this is what I read
It is HD and the Redmi dot HD gate here
Both are different for you and I think this is
will show waste code now how will it show 20
Inside the code, this symbol with 'M' will go to A and
If the files are shown in yellow colour then it means
they're showing us this code already
There is a smart editor, I am already telling you
that you modified your files
That means something has changed inside them
Which you need to comment on now
Comment means you need to take a screenshot of it
Now as soon as we change this,
If we do get status again then
This time a big message in Gits status
It is visible
We wrote gift status here in seconds
Time
Granted, this is modified, meaning we have modified it
modified and now we need to add it
You will have to do it and then you will have to comment like
As soon as we modify any file
After modifying the file you will need to
There is one step process that has to be done
Our ad process and after that we do our
If you comment then this is our first step
This becomes our second step
what happens unless we do this
Till then we will know in the status
that we have modified our file
Apart from this, if we want, we can create another file
You can do this inside your Kal Dot Demo
We will name the file index.html so this
our html file should be its html
We are not making any changes inside the file yet
will do it again if you see the song status
Once you clear it, click on Get Status
What are the gates showing inside this time
This time two things are being shown inside the status
One of them is that you have purchased Redmi Dot HD
Modified it means made changes inside it
given second you have an untracked file
Untracked file means the file which cannot be gated
I am not tracking right now, that means no new
I created a file of which I don't know
this is our file index.html so whenever we
Get status is used by us generally
There are various statuses like pass, out of these
The first thing that happens is the interaction
It means a new file whose capital
doesn't know the song and can't track it
That means inside this file if you change
If you do it, the gate won't know about it
Gate will still call it Attract File
It will not say modified file like if we
Create your own paragraph tag here and
Write hello world inside it and do this
Let's take it safe and clear it here
And if you do gates status again then this
What the bars are showing on Read Me.HD
Showing modified and index.html
interact showing interact means
because index.html is the largest file in this
I never knew the song because we never
We never took a screenshot of this
If you did not comment, the gate would not know
What changes are happening inside this gate bus
If you want to consider this as a new file then that is done
interact in another way status a
can modify files i.e.
Have you made any changes in that file?
And those modified ones mean that someone
did not change the saree inside the files
files are good apart from this there is another status
We have a stage
This means file is ready to be
Committed Generally, if we make any change
inside the file so if there is something inside the file
If any change is made then it should be modified
caste or if new file if we add
If you do it then in the new file you will see that
There is interaction and whenever we
we make changes whether it is a new change or not
If it is a new file then make these changes first
We have to add it as soon as we make these changes
Let's add our files to the stage
Caste means some sort of intermediate stage
If the engagement happens over it then it
We can understand that this engagement lady is
This is the stage for adding, we call it stage also
So whenever we added the file
I did it but I didn't comment but he was ready to comment
it is ready for means the status of the file
this is the stage and after that next we have to add
After that, you comment on your files
Comment means finally our files are changed
will happen
N change means there is no change in them now
I have taken the screenshot of the saree change
If it is there then the file given in the beginning is modified
they interact, or both
we can defend ourselves if we have
There are a lot of files, then we add them
if yes then their status becomes stage then
When we comment on them then their status changes
If something happens then whenever we
of filet or the whole wrap of your puri
If you want to see the status then we simply get
Let's post a status, now let's talk about ourselves
add and comment in the larger of two more commands then
We figured out that we needed to make a change
So just type anything normally and add a new file
Make these changes now how will the song track
To track we first need to track the changes
If we need to add then we will do it
Write song add and then name your file
In which file do we add our changes
what does the add command do
IT and new and change files i.e. new or
Then some changes or modified files are added to our
of the song inside the working directory
Adds a gate to the staging area
Eating the stitching area means that right now we
It is here, then by adding it we get a here
We will go and finally comment on it.
We have done ad, this is our engagement stage
What is the comment on our wedding?
Now is the stage for engagement before death
Where will the engagement take place at the end of the stage
If it is up there, then this is the staging area
Ours is the middle state which is implementing those modified
Exist between attract and our desire
If it does then basically current working
Directory means where we are currently making our changes
From there the song's staging area
I take our files and go
and if you stage them then your
To stage the files we simply
you can write song add and then edit your file
name which is the name of a file we have
index.html so we centered it so what
The stage is done now we will do it if gits
status is showing in song status
If the status turns green, that means the stage is complete
Here we are showing change you be committed i.e.
this index dot html our new change
which we have added to this one
I have not added it yet i.e. read me dot hd
Whatever change we made inside, we have just
If you have not added it then try to add this as well
Or we can write a song for ourselves
file name
I will press the song ad read me otherwise
If we have a lot of changes together
If you want to add something then we simply write
can song ad dot dot mean saree
Add the files and enter them now
All our files are now added together
You can see the vulture status again
These two changes are showing in the update status
you have added and the change are ready you
Be committed now the next stage is change
If you have added it then do not reduce the comment now
To comment means to
it is a record of change that is
complete legal record as if it were a legal record
that marriage means legally now two people
The band has gone together for the same song
The comment inside means that now it is complete
The record has been printed, there is no record of the ad
There would have been no record of engagement
If there is a record of the wedding then it is like that
There is a record of the comments of our song
To comment inside we have to write gate
Comment mines and mines m means comment
what's the message going to be and then after that
we have to write some message, generally this is our
There is a message that he needs to try something
We have to keep a meaningful message like if we
If we have added some feature then we can write
Add new button or Add new feature or
If we have fixed a bag then we
You can write fix new bag or fix this
Ways to give us some meaningful messages
If it happens we write it down
it means m and then we type our message
inside the double quotes now because we have
The primary that has been changed is that of index.html
Inside we have written Hello World i.e. paragraph
If we have added it then we will name our change
will add new paragraph
So this is our message, we can do this
If you are inter then now it is showing ad new
The paragraph is divided into two files
Which two files have we changed?
We changed the read b.hd inside
there is one we have changed inside html
and this time if we see the song status then
This time it will show the size of the saree in the gate status
Everything is fine, nothing less than that
We are not uncommitted but there is one more thing
Showing off and branch it i head off
Origin means by one less its basic meaning is this
that on our local system we now have a
Comments have been moved forward, compare us
You will not see index.html
Even if we refresh our code remains the same
It will remain the same as it was in the beginning
The system which we have inside our computer
This is the gate inside your laptop
If you cannot see above then gate them
To show you on top of that we have another one of our
We command that which is our song
push command what does the push command do push
That means pushing it, so what do we do?
On our local system our computer
push the changes inside the gate
If you send it over the top then basically push it
Gonna push them up on the get up
means to
Upload local repo content or remove report
Earlier we talked about the remote being ours
Githab and local are our own
laptop or computer so we can save our change
Push to send from local to remote
If you make a change then push your code
for we write the song in push origin so
First of all run its mother once
Let us see then its mother once
You will understand the meaning of your terminal in detail
Let us make it clear and we will write it here
in get push origin we will do this enter like
We will interact if we do this thing for the first time
Try doing this from your github account
So then here they code it in this way
If he asks for permission from us, we will
This needs to be allowed just like a bonfire would be allowed here
But we will get a screen where
You might be othlalizing the gate, it might happen to you
Is there any similar burning screen for you too?
So there we have to do an authorized video
video so that we can directly see our changes
can be pushed through Visual Studio Code itself
If you find it, you can open it from here
Visual Studio Code and also click on it
We are giving it as open and as soon as you click open
what happened here will do something like this
The thing will come to us in writing and its meaning
our push has been successful as we
let's close this as we come back
Go to getup and go to your repo
If you refresh, this time after refreshing
We are seeing our new changes which
We did it over the local system, i.e.
Our index.html is showing us the new
The name of the comment is showing Add New
inside the paragraph and our redmi which we have
We had made a change, that change should also be visible to us
So basically till now we are commenting
You have already made these four comments if we
If you want to see then first of all our initial
was the comment that is always there at the beginning
We have since updated the Read Me
After that we clicked Next inside Read Me
I had added a line, after that we called our local
Edited a new paragraph inside the system
If we could go there anytime and tell us the full history
If you want to see then this is our history which
Gitrak does it and we are looking at it right now.
Get through the gate
You can also see through it, we will talk about it later
How to Exactly See Through a Gift
But this method does little to us now.
This is the line in get push origin
song push so our basic command is get push
means through the song we express our code
want to push what about origin here
It means that whatever our defaulters are
There are reports on github, we call them
that they are our remote reports and these
From the remote reports we can provide a specific
generates a default repository from which
We cloned our code, which
Our default repository is
above if we do anything inside this project
If you are changing then push it on the remote
should go above the get up then that remote
We have named GitHub as Origin.
You can name it something else if you want, but
We named it Github
Our copy on GitHub is
Our repo above is a copy of this
We have named it Origin and this Origin
inside we have this branch i.e. name
Trying to push inside the branch of
So this is what we see here
giving this is the name of our branch and
Currently this project has only one branch
That means one branch is written here now
what are the branches in their bigger form we
Will read in detail and for now push the gate
In origin this means that whatever
There are remote repros, out of which the origin one which
This is our repo from where we cloned
That is our origin and we depend on it
They want to directly push this
The meaning of the command is now we have just talked about it
how if we had done any work on get up
We have created this project through our system
You can download it above by downloading
That means by cloning we can see the status of things
you can add new changes to them
You can comment out the change and revert it back
You can push your code multiple times
We may have to make projects that
We start on our local machine.
Because generally all the projects till date
on top of or above the code we reduce we
First, go to the folder at the top of your computer.
make it and then reduce it inside it
How can we manage the gate with that
so for that our unit command is our
These IT commands have reduced their workload
you create a new gate report i.e. if
If we have a new project then in that
The gate has to be opened to initialise the song
We have to write a song for it
Let's take an example like the gift here
demo which is our folder this ball of ours
Inside the demo we will create a new folder
If we want, we will insist on doing the demo here
You can also create a folder by going to
Otherwise, it can be done from the command line as well.
From the command line just like we can directly
If you go inside then it requires the CD to be written
Hain Change De Rakhi Director's life outside
For this we have to write cd space dot dot
If we enter then we are out, meaning song
This folder is placed inside the demo
Create a new directory inside this folder
To create a sub directory for we need to
I have to write the command make diya yaar i.e. make
New Directly Maqdir and this directory
we're gonna name it
Local report means what we have done in our local
If you have created a local repo on the system, then
now inside song demos there is another folder called our
It was passed in the name of local repo and now its
If we make the change inside the local repo then
First go to local repo
cd enter local repo let's do it
Clearly, we are currently inside the local Rapun.
Let us remove these files from here now.
To change inside local app, first
first we make it gitrappu now how
We know this isn't GetRepo
Because when we see all its hidden files
We will see if we interact with L S Mines A
Right now we have only dot and double dot, these two are
we have a folder named dot
There is no folder at all, so when we once
If you enter the song then it is written here
is an initial empty kit repository and this
Once again we will do it from LS Mines only
If we enter then this time we have a dot called
Folder A is being created, that is, now this repository
This is our local repo, this is our gate repository
Now we want to make some changes in this app
you can change its channel now
We are here to change this
You can add the file index.html inside it
We can write any HTML code if we want
can let's say we made a paragraph
This is a new report by Lia HTML
This is our paragraph and with this we
Any JavaScript inside it if you want
Can you create dot type file in Kya style
you can write this in style dot cs so this
Our style has become dotted every paragraph
for that we want the color to be whatever that color is
Let it be equal to red, now what is this, how can we
I am not teaching here but this is very
The basic code is tight which means style defined
We will give the paragraph the color red.
If you want to know this in detail then click here
We have already made one shot for the rest
We can leave this file empty if we want.
There was no major difference between the gate
to and here I'm showing that we have
If U means attract files then they are S code
You can tell us your status too if you want
You can check the gates status i.e. two
Attracts files are indexed and styled now
Let's add these songs first
Ad dot so saree is added in status now
What are you showing on Change, You Be Committed?
did you clear the new files once
Let's take them, we will comment on them now
I commented, I will send you more messages
Add Initial Files
So we're adding our initial files.
If we enter this then our files will be added.
It is done and now we will get the status
So this time we have nothing to comment
We have done all the things successfully
I have commented, now this is our local
We have made changes inside the system, but now we
want to save the folder from whichever
The project we made inside our system
This project we over gettin' up
If you want to upload then click on upload
So what are we going to do by going over the getup
go here in your profile or
Inside repositories in your repositories
We will go and create a new repo inside which we will
If we push this project then we will go to new
We will click on it and by clicking on new we will
We have to create a repo in which we will put our code
then open your repository
We will name it local repo
We can leave the description out for now
We can leave readmi.mb public for now
won't slice it because read me dot
If we initialize HD then
We need to bring that into the local system as well
If you need it then go to read me dot hd for now
I will ignore it and create my own
Report
so we have something like this
The changes have been written here now first
the thing we need to do here
Instructions are also given on the gate
We need to run a command before pushing
which is called get remote ad origin and
then link what does this command mean song
We are singing songs with remotes from remote ad
We are going to add a new remote
Now you want this TV remote here
it is not available or the same remote is not available here
But this is the remote from our GitHub report
We talked earlier about what our GitBoo
There are repositories, we call them that
That's our remote reports so we're creating a new
want to add a remote repo what about this
Now we want to name it Origin
I want to say that means we are now calling it Origin
We want to keep some more of it if we want
You can also name it but gift push and reason
in place of these we get the same names in origin
You will have to put it but generally by defaulter by
convention we don't keep the origin and then
We will put the link to that repo here
we are going to write gate
Remote Ad Origin to Get Remote Ad Original
To link we will do this link
I copied it and we will put it here
I pasted it and pressed enter, then this will
What will happen now that our origin is set?
We can check what the origin is set to.
You can also get remote mines
Mines are also less than the command, you verify
Now we have removed the remote repository
we are talking about what is it actually
can run gate remote
Inter in mines so now we are talking about Zee remote
This is what we are doing, this is our local report
So students can click on their college page
Local Report
This is on which we perform the flower operation
Now besides this we have another
The command is gate named after the branch
The branch checks us and tells us that right now we
Which branch is it at? Anyway, the branch
We will read in detail but what is a branch
It's like this is a project let's suppose
On which a lot of people are working
What's missing from our development team
One can happen with some development
be it a separate feature team or
They take our place of development
The Feature One team is working on reducing the front and
Our Feature Tu team is making these features
which is making features of spring and a
We have a bug fixing team that works on
There are bags, there are problems, fix them
three are together in the project
If every team is reducing then what has each team done?
The team makes its own copy and copies it
reduces the cost of the loan and these cops are
We call these copies of the project a
They give branches like a tree
If the tree has branches then such are our branches
This leads to a project with a Feature One team
The team with the feature of opening your branch
The bug fix team at branching out
I opened my branch and started from G Point
It will turn out that you have to make a copy of the point for yourself.
If you go then this is the basic meaning of the branch
Well if we study the branch in detail then
Whenever you check, you should check which branch we are on
we can simply write get branch then
here we can write get branch inter
So right now we have a branch called Master
now on top of the first get up which is our
Master branch used to be our default
There used to be a branch because inside English
Master Tom in a slightly deroberatory manner
If it is seen then that is why we wrote the song
did they change their policy and then some
For years now our default branch has been on
I have branches like what is this
We have a branch, what can we do?
yes this is master branch not mean branch
These are two different branches, now we
What will have to be done to create a new branch
You will have to do it and you will have to make changes in it now
so if we are on master then either we need a new
I will have to create a branch by name and its
Here we will read about making changes inside our
Change the name of the master branch to its name
I can do this, that's why we are doing this
Well you can push on master also
and that's why we're doing this
Because now the name of the master has become every
If we change the place in our name then
To rename any branch we can
you can write song branch -m and then its
New name means keeping a new name here
for this we can write get branch now whatever
It is a branch, change its name
I want to change, I want to change the name, enter
did it and this time we will do gate branch
Which branch are we in? Our branch
But as soon as I reached the branch now we
You can push the song back to origin
Now get push origin means we do something like this
Get push and reason but we're together
with get push in origin with
You can also mine your flag
That is, we can write get push minus you
Origin Mains Now what does Ye Mines You mean
is - u means you set upstream
Now setting up Sarita means that if we
at the same time for a very long time
If you want to reduce the cost of the project
Again and again we are in origin not in origin
If you want to write, we can tell you just once
We give the impression that we are all based on the origin mean
If you want to perform push operations then click Next
time if we need to push from our code
inside up we can simply write get push
So this is us, short form for future
If we can create it then we will write it here
Get Push - You in Origin
Like if we enter then it means that our
The code went there and got pushed to Origin and
We can refresh it from here
As soon as you refresh, it will be written here
that our code has been pushed and our
Comment added initial files with it
We can also see our files in
If you click inside files then our code will be
If we start seeing this then
This is our style, these will come back to us
Once the HTML file is done and you go back,
This is how we pushed our code
And this time if we want we can create a new file
You can name it inside the local repo
will give you in read dot hd readmi.md
In this way we can write has this
this me local let's do this now this is a
A new change has happened, let's clear the gate
If you look at the status then this is our new file
which is untraced right now so this is the most
First let's add it and then comment for it
can add mines m
Ed
read me enter and for this simply this time we
I will write the full original meaning of writing
I definitely did not enter
Will refresh as soon as entered
We have it available which we have here
It is appearing
This is a small change that happened after laughing
There should have been space, we would have cleared this too
let's add it
Fixed
We have fixed our changes here.
If you did this then it will be visible clearly in bold now
If he is giving us so, in this way we can fulfill our dreams
command and reducing with your push command
yes but mostly we have to try that whenever we
The repo is created whenever we create a new project
Let us start with GitHub
Because first you build it on github and then import it into your
Cloning to local system is a bit of a hassle
It is comparatively easier now next
We are going to talk about what our
floor when we lower with local kit
So generally our workshop will be that first
So we will create our file on top of get up
you will not make this repo it will make it repo
then we'll be cloning as soon as we clone
Then we will make our changes inside it
As soon as we had some changes we
We will add those changes and then we will implement the changes
Comment it out and then we'll push the change.
are gonna be on the get up so generally our
There will be a flow, we will work with this flow
Now we will do it next time we are going to talk
Song with Gate Branches Meaning of Branches
We already know that if a product
A lot of people above are doing this a lot
All the different features are being made, so every
A separate branch was divided for separate work
Eating a branch means being late, we suppose
From here a new Rapu was created and
Above we commented one, then we commented the second
I commented and then after the second comment we got
I thought we should develop some feature
We made a separate copy of it, a separate
in the branch and inside it we have done our work
I did three, come four, comment five
It was with companionship like this that we felt that we
we should keep doing our bit with
So here we had some comment sex
Maybe we have made some comments here
The final change that will happen inside this branch now
and the final change that will happen inside this branch
These two changes are different and as
We have different branches which are divided into
As soon as our comment is one, you comment
It's done, our new branch has been opened from here
The country is gone, it's gone from here
Is our branch continuing to run or is it such a master
let's take Amin's inside this
Our comment number is five, comment number
it's six now we want the next one
Our comment should be in that this branch is here
If the merger happens then here we are in the seventh kamat
You can also mine these two branches
So this will be our merge point.
to do two branches meaning inside both
change the code to branch i.e. branch and this
The feature branch, if we look at the code of both of these
Match them, put the code inside both of them
So that would mean we have divided the two branches
I have done it, now we will create these branches
why do we do this, that's why we create
Moti Lay Suppose Someone who is on a feature
the other developer is reducing the
Now they are reducing the features, what is this
The original developer was this, it should have waited that
The second developer will finish his work first only then
If I add new changes then generally there will be many
If all the developers are working then everyone
If everyone cannot wait for each other then
what do you do make a copy of yourself it is late and
starts to [ __ ] on her and after
which is a copy of the original copy
This happens by merging your code with it
gives it to another person who has his
makes a copy, reduces it, and then puts it in
If he has fun with me then like this every
The developer has to pay the amount of Rs. 10000/- to Rs. 10 ...
If you don't have to wait for this then this is the advantage
we have branches to do it
Now we have enough sarees for our branch
commands are there at any time if we
I want to check which branch we are in
If we are on then we can type get at any time
The branch is inside this local repo right now
We are inside our local Appo here
Let's clear it to check that we
We can type which branch it is at
The song Branch is on the branch right now in us
If we want to expand our branch
If we want to change the name then we already need it
you know we have to write gate branch -m and
then your new name so here I will enter the new name
We can give some other name if we want.
Apart from this, if we go from one branch to another
If you want to go to the branch then we will provide you with
check out the song and write your second song
branch name so check out means like we
Let's check out from the hotel, by the way, from here we
Check out from one branch and then another
Let's go to the branch now, here it is
We have only one branch but new branch
We can write songs to create
Check out - Be New Branch your new branch
Now let's create a new branch with the name
There are gate check outs of mines B and new branch
you can name it future one then
Let's enter the future one and now we
You can write gate branch to get branch
From here all our branches are in Agi and
Featured Me and Where Are We Now Joe Green
is in i.e. feature one now we get from feature one
if we want to go into then we can simply write
Check me out
And we will check again right now in our branch
I want to go back to the feature so we
we will write the song check out feature one so now we
Just like we entered feature one, we entered the second feature one.
We can create a branch by writing
Are
If we have to play any bowling on any branch
If we need to delete it then we will do that for that
I want to write get branch minaj di mines di
i.e delete it and let the name of the branch be suppose
If I want to delete feature one or else
If we want to delete the feature then
If we are standing on Feature You then we will Feature You
like if we go here
will write branch - the future you entered
So we're going to have an error a because
right now we are on top of this branch right now we
If the feature is on you then first tell us about someone
And if you have to go to the branch then from here
First we will check out the gate in late suppose
Let's go to the branch and where are we now
right now we have the branch, now we have the feature
then get branch
Or our branch has just been deleted
If we do the gate branch again then now we have
There are only two branches, so these are all
All the commands are ours
Now we will deal with branches
What are we going to do with feature one?
There is a branch inside it we have added this new feature
If you do then let's check out the song kit
check out feature one then song branch then
Right now we are on feature one, feature one, so now what
Whatever changes we will make are only in feature one
as if late suppose our
Here inside the index and HTML, we have
A new paragraph has been added, this is n
this is a new feature by doing this
Let's make it safe now Git Status here
If you see the gate status then our status is now
This is what happens inside our Feature One branch
We have inside Indian dot HTML
If we have done any modification then we would have added it
and along with that we can comment on this change
We can add new feature, this is our change
I have passed my intermediate and now we can check my GATE status
If we do it now then we will do it on branch feature one i.e.
your branch is above feature one
We don't have any extra change
to do working trickly then jo
There are branches which complete the song
There is a system, it is called working
Tree means our tree is formed and its
There are branches coming inside but as soon as
now we will check out in but so if write
I'll give you a check out at the gate so I'll give you a caste
What will come in my case if I switch caste
That new feature is missing from inside index.html
So now what we have changed is
Only feature one has gate check again
If we do out feature one then it will come back to our
Even if the future comes back, we still have it
What is it that we have changed?
inside our feature one and who we are now
We are currently on C branch, Feature One branch
Now we want this change
Let it come to our place also i.e. get up
Even if you go upstairs, you will have to bring a change over the get up
For this we do get push origin i.e. we
want to push over origin but who
In C branch we are working on our feature one branch
I want to push in, not this time
This time we will write that we are going to feature
Pushing your change inside the forest is six
If you have entered then do it like this from here
The message will come to us and when we get up
Now if we go to github then this will give us
Some compa is showing something like pull request
But now give it to us in your branches
Showing branches, we have one in
branch and automatically it did the feature for us
Created a branch with feature one
Inside the branch we have index.html here
We can see our new feature inside
and in our branch there is
There is no new feature right now so please comment
there is no new feature inside now if we want
that we have in our feature branch and our
Make the branch mine, what about merging it
It means that it is late suppose we are going to change our
and what did we do with a separate
Created a branch and added a new feature inside it
Now we are bringing this new feature back
Let us merge it with our self in this manner
So we have two ways to do that
The first way to pepper the code is
What happens is that we send a command through the gate
Merging can be done only through line
To do this, first of all in both the branches
We can check the difference between two branches
so whenever you can compare them give us
Branch two comments have to be compared
Comparing two branches and two files
then inside it we have the command
There is a gate def and then the name of the branch
Like here, which branch are we on right now
Let's clear this once here
But right now we are on teacher branch and if we feature
Comparing branch with branch in
If you want we can write the song definition
So here's the difference, this is what it's showing us
that our feature one branch is in
It is ahead of the branch and it is positive
There is a change, meaning this thing has been added extra
Inside the feature branch, this is the difference ahead
Now I want to mine both these branches
We can write get chilli branch so here
But as soon as we write the name of Gate Mirchi Branch
If you give me that means you will write gate in me then
This will merge with our feature mother
This is the first method which we are not going to try right now
the one we'll look at later the second
The method is to use Gate Hub Gate Hub
what we do through two branches
Let us create a chilli
P R I S E N PULL REQUEST PULL REQUEST
What is this pull request over Thap
means date it let you tel ideal
about d change you have push tu an branch in
A report means when a project is
A lot of people are working and every
If anyone wants to code in their own code with
If you merge then when you are on the same project
Merging with multiple developers
if you want then what happens in it
These reduce pull through pull requests
Request means we are making a request
if you do it for me then what actually would happen
If we make some changes inside our branch
We did it and we have it in our branch
If I want to push something to the branch, I will do it
There must be some scenery developer who has a branch in
is reducing over or in a branch
might be watching over us or someone from our
The project manager will be the project manager
what will they do as soon as we change
They will first create our review
What does it mean to review a will
What changes are we making to the story?
We are not adding anything wrong by mistake
are sleeping inside the branch and then they
You can comment on it if you want or not
change this thing inside here right now
You cannot accept the power of this feature now
There is certainly nothing of the sort that
There are reviews, you can post them there
And according to that generally scenery developer
Then the decision is made to merge them
whether we want to do it or not but right now we are juniors
We are the developer, we are the scenery developer, so we
What can you do from here with your Feature One
For this we compare and pull request this option
If we click on it, we will go here
From here it is visible that what I have to do
Trying to branch out to your feature one
with the branch in your base branch i.e.
To match, write us a message here
If you need to add a new feature then from here we can
will create a new pull request
exactly what is requesting
if it can happen to me automatically then it will happen automatically
My might showed green for him
The song we have meant to automatically merge
it is possible that inside me there is a line like this
you have written something else inside
If given, what can be the conflict?
I can solve problems, but right now
We said we changed it just now so we did it in seconds
I changed the line inside them, so
There was a change inside the first line, so we
what can I do this can I do this
There might be someone here for me to do it
If you review the scenery developer then here are some
Leave a comment and we have no comments yet
but right now we simply my full request
will click on it like one clicked here
But we can write confirmed mass as soon as
I will confirm that a new comment has been added
by which name will my bridge be commented
merge request i.e. pull request
There is a separate comment for doing this also because
This is also a change, took a screenshot of this too
If it is going then make it a confirmed chilli
Are
So here is the full request successfully completed
most and closed means but what was
There was a request, the pull request has been done and
Now you will go inside the court and come under the code
So I can see it inside me too
Add new feature to both me and feature one
We will see the changes from inside because these
Feature One's Change has been associated with
The peacocks have joined so in this way our
But it can reduce any new thing if we want
If the branch is making some more new things
If we are creating then we can simply go
Create a new pull request for that
we can tell you in full request
Can you tell me what new changes we are bringing
inside this code now go to here
inside the code and once on your local system
Clear in the local system
and let's check out the gate
Where are we right now? Right now we are in our branch
is inside but if you notice then there is branch in
That feature is not there inside it, where is the feature
But if the features are merged then merge on top of get up
Feature One: Get Up With Branch
It got merged above and we made those changes to our
Even inside the local, whenever we need it
Changes from the remote must be brought to the local
So for that we use the pull command
To write the pull command we write
Get Pull Origin has less of pull command
How to Fetch and Download Content from Any
Remote report means which our remote
Repository this get up from there sir
Downloads the contact and saves it to your local
By bringing it inside the repo, we can edit the content
When you try to match, all your
To bring content from GitHub to local
For this we have to write get full origin mean inter
Did
So the saree change came to us and I
Inside also we have our new feature which
It is visible now next we are going to talk
I am going to be in the middle of my conflict
Mirchi conflict means whenever we have two more
branches and both of them
from inside in line or from inside in file
If there are changes then I don't understand the song
Whether to keep the change of one branch or the other
If you want to keep change of branch then we will do that for that
What will you do to change something inside yourself?
let's do it like in let's suppose we have
A new feature has been added and inside the new feature
We are adding a button in this way
We have added a button inside the feature
If you do then gift ad
Button What we did was add a button
inside me now back inside feature one
Let's check out the kit, check out the feature
Now we see this code inside one feature one
giving more space from us what feature
Going inside the forest we don't make a button, we make a drop
If you are going to do Dr.Ed then we have created a page for you
Added a drop to the top
There is another feature, we have done it
Safe and we have also included this thing in our branch
Which branch above is our feature right now?
If forest is above branch then we can see feature forest above it
You can add this change and change it
we can comment on it if you comment
In the comment we can write add drop dr then
We have added Drop Dr to ours now
And there are different changes inside feature one
If we look at the difference between the two, we will write
can you get the difference with me then our
Feature one has a difference with me
There was a button added here inside me
What did we do by deleting it?
If drop dr is added then for both the branches
There are changes inside both branches now
Where has the change happened within both the branches
There has been a change, now we have both branches
Now we have given our best to do it
The way it was done earlier was to send a pull request
Create it, we have already seen it
The other way would have been to write the gate
What are we going to do if we take the command
If you do it the line way then any
I wash one branch with another branch
to do that we can write gate front
And then the name of the second branch, now we
If the feature is on one branch then we will write get
My mean will enter as soon as we
what did the printer do just the code
We got some error and what is it
These are what we call conflicts of mine
Conflict my conflict one of our events
hota hai dat tax place when get is
Enable you to automatically resolve the difference
That is, inside a file, when a branch has
I changed it and when I went to another branch
If someone changes it, Kit doesn't understand it
Which of the two should be kept less final?
to get this not able to resolve the difference
I don't understand the difference between the two
so tell us how to do it manually
It is necessary to know which file we need to change
If you want then this is called resolving my
so we have my conflict
You come inside coding very often
we have to resolve
waste code for because a smart
Since he is an editor, he gives us a lot of options.
It gives it automatically, I am telling you this
Accept Current Change Accept Current Change
What I mean by doing is that what we have just done is feature one
It was written inside that we need the same thing
Accept incoming changes means that now
from the branch in feature one which is here change a
what is incoming change what is incoming change
which is coming from the branch and the current
What is the change? This is the current change which is currently in feature one.
If I am in branch then I can change incoming
You can click on this button in the branch you want
if i want change both then one line each
so we can click on this button
Either we can directly click on these options
You can click or we can directly
Can you decide by yourself what changes
If you need me to resolve my conflict
First of all, there is this strange line
They have come to us, we have to remove them
we have removed this line which is strange
C line has been added, let's remove it
The strange line called Joe Head has hardened
Let's remove this, so now if we just
If you leave it like this and share the code then
This means we need both features.
If we remove this line then its
Meaning we call it a drop drop feature
and we should remove the drop down button and keep it
if we take it then it means we just need the button
If we want this feature then it is our choice
Any number of features can be kept late suppose
If we want both the features then we can do this
If you do it from here then you will check the status
what are you showing in your status
Showing we have modified file
So what do we have to do about this? Comment
Before it will be necessary, let us add it and then
Comments Mines M
Ed Both Features
And this time we will see the gift status
our branch we are above feature one and some
There is no saree to comment on
If you look at all the things and get the difference then you will see it now
If you see in get difference with then I will see
We have one more chain in comparison
Now we can go to the gate check out.
But as soon as I go I will clear it.
What happened to caste, feature one has disappeared.
Gone now we want in with your feature
If we want to merge the forest then we will write for it
can get my feature one then with me
feature one got merged so if it got merged then
Automatically whatever was in feature one is here
Aaaaa this time we have much conflict
did not come because inside the line
There is no change in the line from the other file
There was no change from inside so the gate is still closed
For automatic, did I understand what
The thing is that he has to do it, now if we want then we can make new changes
Push the gate
Inter
So this saree change will refresh you
Amazing features of this whole thing
Now we can see it on our github as well.
If it is starting then do it in this way
We resolve our chilli conflict
next we're going to talk about
Undoing Change Sometimes by mistake we do something like this
We add changes which we don't want to add
or make a comment that
We did not want to comment on those things
how to do eggs so to do eggs
First of all we have a lot of saree cases
First of all we talk about stage change
i.e. we will do those changes which have already been added but
There were no comments so let's bring something
Let us make it clear now which branch are we in
right now we're on top of our branch
I suppose we are lying on the branch by mistake
Let us delete our button, we have used it
We deleted it and added it too
Now if we see the gate status, we have added it
Now just comment on this thing and let us know
I found out that I had accidentally deleted the button
Diya, we have to come back to this stage now
Right now we have deleted a small line but
There might be a lot of lines inside
Make individual changes and add them all and
If we have to go back, we will go back to know
You can write gift reset and then file it
the name of the phone that we need to reset if we
If you have made changes in just one or two files then
To reset we can change the name of each file one by one
like here we can write
song reset and then our file name
if it was index.html then what will happen to us
All ad changes should be reset
We will go but if we need a lot of files
If you want to change and reset saree together inside then
we can also simply write get reset
Now to reset the changes we go here
you can type get reset song reset
If we enter then we will have A here
Unstitched changes after reset updates
If we check the status then gits status
Showing in Modified Index Road
It is HTML but we did not add these changes
I did not even add it yet, I did not even comment
I did not do it before, what happened after adding it
There is less change and less on ready but right now this change is less
We are not ready for these yet, first we
Other types of mistakes will have to be staged
what we can do is that by mistake we do something
There is a change which I have commented on, now like this
Let's make it clear late suppose we made a mistake
We deleted our button, we added this thing
We did that and we also commented on this thing.
Diya Mines M
If we write this as delete button then we made a mistake
I deleted my button from the status now
let's take a look
So in the gift status it is showing that
Our branch is just one step ahead i.e. github
So here is the button above our index.html
Our button feature over the inside gate half
and here we accidentally deleted it
Now this is the change that we need to take back
If we have a single comment like this
If it happens that we want to egg it then
For that we have to write get reset head
Tilt one what about head tilt one here
It means head tilt one means this
It happens that no matter how many comments we have
We store those comments
we keep it inside the internal song and whatever is in it
Our latest comment is the last chain
The name of the screenshot we took
By default it is head so here it is head
By writing tilt one we want to say head
reset it in one step i.e. head which
The last thing was to take him one step back
so now we want that if head this
Our comment was one, this comment was yours at least three.
there was less force we want us to comment four
down we want to go back to low three
So what we're doing is basically here
remove your head and put your head in comment three
what will happen to the gate that is being set on top of it
This one will forget the latest and for gate
This change is the old change, my latest change
If the change is made then we will do it once
I can write the song reset head til one inter
So now I did all of them again
The changes got unstitched, which means we just made the changes
I had commented on it but this time we will get it
If you look at the status then it is back in this stage
A gaye means the stage before add and comment
The stage just before the ad was made
If we wish, we can sing songs and make all our
You can check the comments, the gate is locked
So all these comments are gone last comment added
Both features were of that before that ad drop dr
Before that there was an add button from here
we can do cute so basically anytime
We can check our comments by going there.
that when did we make which comment
inside the branch so right now we are in our branch
inside and inside the branch all these
The comments are now late, suppose we will make a comment
Going back to multiple comments instead of 6
yes we have just talked about that head so we
One has to be taken at the back but if we take the head in two
if there are six to carry behind or three to carry behind
You can undo multiple comments
We take note of his comments.
Is there basically a code for every task
Juice has a specific flavour with it
If it is fixed together and is unique then
We want to go back to Ji Kam Late
Back to the one from Opossum Three
want to go and stick your head in here
What do we do if we want to reset?
We just copy it and we
I have to write get reset and run it on low
yes we are just copying this comment
Suppose we are back to the comments with add button
if you want to go then this is his laugh this laugh
We can copy and write here
can get reset and have it copied
Once you press enter we will see the song status
What happened to the ticket status now?
Whatever changes we made after that
They all have come back and this time
If we lock the gate then the gate people will do that ad
both features or ad drop do tha sari
You have already commented that we have
The latest comment is the one which is on top
This is what is happening with the add button so our
Latest comment Our head has changed now
Here's to cute again
Why will we press it and we will clear it
if you can go to any point
We need to check our comment history.
So we can lock the gate and with the gate lock
We see all our comments
I will have to give my old comments
let's do it again cute
clear now git status so now
What is it showing us right now
Showing the saree changes which we did later
what have we done i.e. after the add button which is our
The change after the latest comment was
what have you done is also present here in the files
Inside it is showing us modified but we
So the person who comments after it wants it
There is a change and that too completely Jain
To remove them all, when we reset the gate
like here we have got the get reset
So with gate reset we are here mines
mines hard can write mines mines
Writing hard will cause our waste of code
There is a change inside as well, i.e. inside the code as well
If you go, you will go through the song for sure
They will be accessible from within the S code as well.
What if we press enter and then we will press the button again
Now some of those modified ones have come on the change
etc. nothing happened and this time the vulture
We will bring back the status on this comment
we have gone to where we were originally so in this way
we can egg our change from
Inside Gate Now Next We're Going to Talk
We are the main repositories in the fork category
You can also fork above the get up
doing this means creating a new repository
I want to make a saree in which code and saree will be there
that we have settings from another repo
so basically what is a fork
Fork a rough copy of any of our projects
It happens late supposing we are with another person
to reduce the cost of the project, such as if
We contribute to open source
We want to use another company's repository
want to reduce up here we can do our
want to work with friend's project
so what can we do first
We can search the project by going to the top of the get up
If you do, we can search from here
late suppose we need express code
If we search for express then it will
we get repo of express gas express
This repo will be official repo express
inside the gas and inside it all these people are still
contributors who have contributed
now we want this one which
This is the project, we have a copy of it on our account
We will make it on our Gatha account.
So we can fork this project
Forking means creating a rough for yourself
Make a copy, then to fork we will use this
Go to the fork option and click on it
Let's click and what will it do for us
If we want this project in our account then
You can make a copy by name or by any other name
and we are here to make a copy
You can select copy de master
Branch only or complete if we want
You can copy the project and create it
We will give you a fork and some big project
If this happens then it takes several times for the fork to be created
If it doesn't take much time then
we might have to wait a bit
And this is our project on cooker now
If we notice then the head of the express
Sir the code has been added to our Geeta account also
Everything like Redmi etc. has been copied
But this is not Express's account.
We have our own account so in this way we
Add other peoples codes to your account
and now inside this code
We can also make some changes like read me
If we edit it then here we will see
Redmi has a top or bottom view
Above all we can make one change let's suppose
IF I WRITE MY NAME OR I WRITE MY OWN NAME
college so if I write my college here
I have commented on this change now.
where are we commenting this we are sharing this
Commenting inside the master branch
Now this is on your account from another account
If comments are not being posted inside then what happened?
Change is our new comment and here we have
you are showing these branches one come i head off
Express yes master that is from where originally
I had copied it from that, now we have added a comment further
so now we go that whatever our
The change is to merge it with the original
If you want me to do that we will do our
You can create a pull request when
also we have to do the same for other codes
Together we create a pull request
and to create a pull request
Why would we go to pull requests and here
But we are basically saying that our
The master branch is called Express.
That is, the base repository from where we
I copied everything pepper it with that
so what I'm going to do is show us here
Here's what we've changed
We have made a new change now
We are trying to create the complete request.
I am doing it but I don't actually want to do it
Because we have put a lot of useless signs here
We have changed some ads but they are not useful
Generally pull requests inside the Kia repo
that's the way we do it when we
Some useful changes to other people's code
inside they are doing it as if they have done some
If you have made a mistake in the code then we have fixed it
Have we fixed it or added a new feature?
inside their code inside their website
want to add it to their software
So and by the way the original owner has just
There is also a limit on the number of new users
Cannot create request because
He too must have experienced it like this
These people make useless changes and send pull requests
are creating and we never need them
Never make requests for necessary things
Make useful changes in us only then we can realize our full potential
If you create the request then do it in this way
reduces our gap from on github
Here we have many different commands and many
Saree Different Functionality Discuss
Have done
Whenever we are busy with our project or other
have less to do with people's projects
We execute the development process
If you are there then I hope the song head get up
If we have learnt it well then we can do it in this way
If you need more tutorials or any
If you want a video on a new topic then
in big right now you can tell me down below
Or if you're looking for full stock web development
If you want to learn complete then do it for yourself
We have Delta batch available in our college
By going to which we can access our college website
You can explore above which has 4.5
We can make a complete website within a month
If you want to learn then that is all you get for today
Cup learning and cups in next video
Flooring